---
layout: post
title: Personal Individual Excellence Challenge
description: "I take on a challenge for the month of November"
modified: 
tags: [pie, personal, blog]
comments: true
---

I am embarking on a Personal Individual Excellence challenge for the month of November. Inspired by my friend [DJ Podgorny](#) at [Be Opposite](#) and my roommate [Bo Dellamaria](#), I spent the last month brainstorming challenges that I want to take on in order to improve myself. 

# The Challenge

blah blah blah

## 1. Screenless sleep preparations

I am notoriously bad at staring at my phone while still in bed. Before I go to sleep, I check Facebook, Slack, and Reddit. As soon as I wake up, I once again instinctively check Facebook, Slack, and Reddit. This makes it difficult to fall asleep at night and probably worse, get out of bed in the morning. The fact that I sleep with my phone beside my pillow does not help this practice. 
\\
\\
**For the month of November, I challenge myself to reduce the amount of time I look at a screen while getting ready for bed and waking up.** I will accomplish this challenge by:

1. Abstaining from using a screened device in the 15 minutes before getting into bed. This includes, but is not limited to, a cell phone, laptop, or TV.
2. Abstaining from using a screened device in the 15 minutes after waking up. This includes, but is not limited to, a cell phone, laptop, or TV.
3. Leaving my phone across the room when sleeping.

**Deliverables**: None

## 2. Practicing the piano

For about 15 years of my life, I took piano lessons. However, for the early portion of those 15 years, I absolutely hated practicing (sorry if you are reading this, Ms. Andersen). 
\\
\\
Fast forward to this year when one of my closest friends asked my to play the piano in his wedding. I excitedly responded yes. It only dawned on me after the fact that I hadn't played the piano for an audience in over 4 years. Preparing for the wedding meant meaningful practice, something I hadn't done since I stopped taking lessons.
\\
\\
Getting ready for the wedding taught me how to learn again. Even better, it sparked my interest in playing the piano with purpose once again.
\\
\\
**For the month of November, I challenge myself to practice the piano for *at least* 30 minutes a day.**
\\
\\
**Deliverables**: A practice log of what I worked on that day

## 3. Cleaning my room

It is a little known fact that I keep a very untidy room (unless you have once been my roommate...or are my mom). Throughout college, I only used my room as a destination to sleep at night which left it in a constant state of disarray. It was impossible to see the top of my desk through all junk mail, loose papers, and books. Empty boxes and laundry baskets covered the floor forcing me to jump to the bed on more than one occasion. More often than not, I slept on the fourth of my bed that was not covered by unfolded laundry.
\\
\\
My mom always preached that cleanliness was strongly related to a person's well-being but I never really listened to her advice. 
\\
\\
**For the month of November, I challenge myself to keep my room clean.** This means:

1. Clothes are hung up or organized in the closet. No clothes on the floor or bed.
2. Desk is usable.
3. Trash is in a trash can. It is a sad truth that I even have to mention this one.

**Deliverables**: A tweet every Wednesday with a picture of my room.
\\
\\
For reference, here is a picture of my room at the time of this post:

# The Stakes

In order to motivate myself to reach this goal, I will **do something**. 

